c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\DataViewer.exe.config
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\DataViewer.exe
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\DataViewer.pdb
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\AdventureLandMeshGenerator.dll
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\AdventureLandMeshGenerator.pdb
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.g.resources
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.exe
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.pdb
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\lorna\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Triangle.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\SharpNav.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\AdventureLandMeshGenerator.dll.config
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Triangle.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\SharpNav.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\SharpNav.xml
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AdventureLandMeshGenerator\DataViewer\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.xml
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.exe
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\DataViewer.exe.config
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\DataViewer.exe
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\DataViewer.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\AdventureLandLibrary.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Dijkstra.NET.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Triangle.dll
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\AdventureLandLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\AdventureLandLibrary.dll.config
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\bin\Debug\Triangle.pdb
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.g.resources
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\lorna\Documents\GitHub\AdventureLandService\DataViewer\obj\Debug\DataViewer.csproj.CopyComplete
